Include `id` column in `col_select` by default (#457)
tidyverse/vroom: NEWS.md

# vroom (development version)

* `vroom(col_select=)` now handles column selection by numeric position when `id` column is provided (#455)

> * `vroom(id=)` now included in `col_select` by default, when provided (#416)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `vroom(id = "path", col_select = a:c)` is treated like `vroom(id = "path", col_select = c(path, a:c))`. If an `id` column is provided, it is automatically included in the output (#416).
```
